The salaries that the military people make, they kind of range in how
they compare to what civilians make. So officers kind of make slightly
less than their civilian counterparts. That is, an officer you can
take any officer and put them in a civilian job and they'd probably
be making about ten to twenty thousand dollars more in the civilian
sector. However, there's a lot of job security that comes with being
in the military. You're not going to get fired unless you like really
messed up. Now that you're protecting our country and you're doing
it in an efficient manner you know, you're doing it effectively.
So there's a cost with that and the cost is our salary, so there is
a saying that the military don't make that much, and it can be true
in some cases. However if you do it with pride and you enjoy you work
and you think about the excellent retirement benefits that they give
you, you'll see that maybe by the end of your twenty years you know,
you didn't make that much less, however you have a much more fulfilling
career. For enlisted people, it could very very similar or
even better than your civic counterparts, at least for nuclear technicians
we made a lot less than our civilian counterparts.  In fact many
people get out after six or eight years and then they start working
and they could easily make double what they're making. That is they
leave as a first class petty officer making about sixty five or
seventy thousand dollars a year and then they can make double that working
as Homer Simpson you know down at the nuclear power plant. Other
things like maybe a cook or Boatsmen's Mate or let's say a weapons
handler, they can find very very similar jobs out there so then they
have the choice. Do I stay in the military that I've already put
in like maybe six or seven years, or I do I become a civilian, maybe
have to start all over, but start at a higher rate and higher job
position than I would have if I would just join from high school. So
many people in that position they probably stay in military because
the retirements, and the amount of time they put in as far as their
pride you know. All of that makes them stay in so.